Feat:  xgov facilitators nominations form (#110)
uk-x-gov-software-community/uk-x-gov-software-community.github.io: nominations.md

---
layout: product
title: Nominations
permalink: /nominations/

> description: Nominations for the next facilitators to run the organising group meetings and events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Nominations to be a member of the community management committee for 2025 AGM.
```

---

> # Facilitators Nominations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Management Committee Nominations
```

> The nominations for the next facilitators are now open. If you would like to nominate yourself, please fill in the form below. For more details about the role of a facilitator, please see the [Terms of Reference ](/tor/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nominations to be a member of the management committee are now open. If you would like to nominate yourself, please fill in the form below. For more details about the roles and responsibilites of the management committee, please see the [Terms of Reference ](/tor/).
```

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeMWznVRC98YmdMflxgqQdKFh3xHRLCrYX0CNxlSmPIIM-hPw/viewform?embedded=true" width="640" height="1370" frameborder="0" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0">Loading…</iframe>

Nominations will close on **Tuesday 1st July**.

> The new facilitators will be elected, and an announcement will be about exactly when this will be, but it will be in early July.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are more candidates than vacancies the community will hold an election during July with results announced at the AGM in August. If there fewer or as many candidates as vacancies candidates will be accepted by a show of hands at the AGM
```
